so today we are taking it easy this is
our take it easy because of
complications that I'm having or like
little symptoms I don't know that their
complications but their symptoms their
babies symptoms so we're coming down to
the river I'm gonna walk on down there
and hang out while they jump in and out
and in and out and in and out she's
looking behind now I nut so that's what
we're doing today we spent a half an
hour at the park just too hot for them
so you ready to go to the river okay how
about her she's odd so I just did a
little live stream on periscope you can
go see it I think it's on periscope you
can actually go check us out on kellogg
shia and that or i think you can just
find it on twitter and of course we're
kellogg show on twitter too but i just
did a little live stream of them going
down the river took like five minutes
was like a five-minute stringing but
we've been doing those periodically to
and it's a little bit more cool just to
see live like I'd rather watch people
alive than watch a video that they've
cut and edited but I'm videos are cool
too so this one's gonna go up tonight
and we're gonna try to get better at it
I know I said that a lot i mean we I
think we did two or three years straight
of daily YouTube videos and then um I
don't know what happened once you stop
it once you miss a couple days and it's
like seems like it's impossible to get
it going again but I'm that in the fact
that we have very slowly lot very
limited data
you